Updating Kyma local installation documents with Kyma CLI (#4117)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/kyma/04-13-local-reinstallation-deprecated.md

---
title: Reinstall Kyma (Scripts)
type: Installation
---

> >**WARNING:** Will be deprecated {TBD} with Kyma release 1.4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**WARNING:** This document will be removed with Kyma release 1.4. For local installation using Kyma CLI, see [this document](/root/kyma/#installation-reinstall-kyma).
```

> >**WARNING:** Will be deprecated {TBD} with Kyma release 1.14

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**WARNING:** Will be deprecated {TBD} with Kyma release 1.4
```
1.14? :D If we have this deprecation note, can we link to the new guide? Also, maybe we should inform in the installation guide that if somebody is using scripts, the guidelines are now in a separate doc.

> >**CAUTION**: This document is deprecated and will be removed. For local installation using Kyma CLI, see [this document](/root/kyma/#installation-reinstall-kyma).

Reviewer 2: Same comment as before

> >**CAUTION**: This document describes a deprecated flow. Follow [this document](/root/kyma/#installation-install-kyma-locally) to install locally using the Kyma CLI.

Reviewer 2: I don't think we can mark this document as deprecated - is there a way to get the same result in Kyma CLI? The document you're linking to doesn't provide reinstallation instructions. 
If you don't provide a way to reinstall Kyma using the CLI in this release then please revert this doc to its original state.

Reviewer: I believe you should link to this one: `/root/kyma/#installation-reinstall-kyma`, as it provides updated instructions on reinstalling kyma using kyma CLI.

> >**WARNING:** This document will be removed with Kyma release 1.4. For local installation using Kyma CLI, see [this document](/root/kyma/#installation-reinstall-kyma).

Reviewer 2: 1. We don't have "WARNING" notes - "CAUTION" notes are available, though.
2. Please re-think the deprecation message. I don't think that stating the exact cutoff release is the right way to go.

> >**WARNING:** This document will be removed with Kyma release 1.4. For local installation using Kyma CLI, see [this document](/root/kyma/#installation-reinstall-kyma).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**CAUTION**: This document is deprecated and will be removed. For local installation using Kyma CLI, see [this document](/root/kyma/#installation-reinstall-kyma).
```
